                                                  
                                                   Task 2 

                                                  
                                                   Project Description 

        Aido Application is a cross PlatForm Application designed and developed with a team of 2 members . 
         
        Aim : 

        The motto of Application is to connect and access various features of Aido through Mobile Application .

        Features : 

        A) ROS Integration : 
        With ROS Integration : the user has access to Various hardware features of Aido such as : 
        a) Face Recognition ; 
        b) Sensors ; 
        c) Behaviour Scgeduler ;
        d) Led Settings ;
        e) AI Settings ;
        f) Modes  

        B) Video Calling : 

        a) The user can go for Video Calling to its added Aido Members List with Vonage Video Calling . 

        C) Activity Sharing , Downloading , Playing : 

        The user can share , download , and play videos and images captured by aido . 

        Libraries Used : 
        React Nativce fetch blob : For downloading Videos , Images . 
        Camera Roll : For Saving Captured Images ; 
        VideoPlayer : React-Native VideoPlayer

        D) Scan Qr : 
        Scanning Qr and Setting up Virtual Robot List . 

    
        Working : 

        The user has to be registered and setup a profile with Phone number and Otp Verification . After Login : the user
        will be navigated to the Scan Qr Code for Profile Setup .On Successful Qr code Scanning on the forhead of Aido 
        the Alert will be popped up for setting up Robot List .The user has to give a name and willbe navigated to the 
        Virtual Robot Lists Tab of Aido . Now the Virtual robot has three features : 
        a) Add Members  will  add Aido Buyers List to Contact list of Aido .
        b) Customization : Can Customize Aido's Various hardware features . 
        c) Connect : Will Connect for Video Calling to Added Members of Aido buyers List . 

        Activity Feed Tab : The Activities captured by personal Aido robot willlbe displayed here : and can be downloaded , 
        share and watched . 

        Call Screen : Includes Call history . 

        Edit Profile : The user can edit Profile image , name etc.
